hey guys girls Indies ashman d again and
I'm bringing you another stats video but
this time on my second account a dirty
penis account and reason being is people
have been asking me or comment on my
videos saying why have you got a second
account I thought you disagreed with
reverse boosting all this shit blah blah
blah and I do and as you can see here my
KD is higher then a lot of people's my
score per minute is pretty amazing to be
honest and I'm don't reverse boost I
hate people in Reverse boost I know
someone who has I'm not gonna name
anyone's names but he's got about 16,000
subs like I was in a lobby with him in
the other day and I looked at his stats
and he's been uploading all these like
hundred and fifty plus gameplays and yet
he's KD is 1.7 and they score per minute
was about 170 which is ridiculous i
really do disagree with reverse boost
and i don't think it's fair i don't
think it's a fair way of doing it ok
fair enough i don't agree with skill
based matchmaking bit reverse boosting
just to get easy lobbies absolute
bollocks so that's why I'm bring you
this one you can see my score per minute
has pretty decent and overall I think
that's that goes on leading the
leaderboard there goes on the actual
score that you've got but i'll show you
my score per minute on domination it's
not great i mean 500 nearly 500 is
pretty good but when you see my kill
confirmed but i think that's that's so
good i think i think like I'm ranked 13
thousand but a lot of people these Lee's
leaderboards really don't make shit but
you have 600 score per minute on this
here you can see that I've not reverse
boosted at all guys and this is
basically what i want to show you um my
my my KD on this account is better than
on my ash windy account my score per
minute is miles better on this account
because I've not really been playing any
6v6 so I get a lot more kills a lot
quicker and so that's all I want to show
you guys I don't agree with a reverse
boosting please stop asking me questions
are commenting on videos saying why we
may do in a cap another kind of throw
didn't like reverse boosting and I'll
see you later bye bye for now